DOCS 11384 custom policy bsj (#411)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/custom-policy-uploading-to-exchange.adoc

Exchange provides an API to publish or consume assets using a Maven client. You must have a unique artifact name and organization ID to publish your asset. API Manager lists custom policies published as assets of your organization.

For more information about the Exchange Maven Facade asset, see https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/exchange-maven-facade-api-http/[Exchange Maven Facade].

== Prerequisites

To upload a custom policy to Exchange, you must have the Exchange Contributors role.

== Deploying a Policy Created Using the Maven Archetype

> If you create your custom policy project using the provided Maven archetype, the plugins necessary to upload the policy to Exchange are already defined for you. See xref:custom-policy-getting-started.adoc#setting-up-a-project-with-the-archetype[Setting up a project with the archetype].

Reviewer: If this xref is to a title, the title should be in title lettercase.
If not, it should be reworded to something like "...See the information about...."

Author: Yes, the actual title in the doc doesn't use title case, so I left it as it was. I was hesitant to start changing names. If it's okay I'll table this one for when we redo that entire section to standard and ensure we don't break any topic links.

Author: Actually, since this is just display text, I changed it to title case even though the linked topic title hasn't been fixed.

To deploy a policy created using the Maven archetype:

> . Update the `settings.xml` file in your Maven `.m2` directory with your Exchange credentials.

Reviewer: Just for perfectly clear antecedents...:
```suggestion
. In your Maven `.m2` directory, update the `settings.xml` file to use your Exchange credentials.
```

Author: Done

  </servers>
</settings>
----
+ 

> NOTE: For information on how to authenticate using a token rather than using credentials, see xref:exchange::to-publish-assets-maven.adoc#publish-and-consume-federated-assets[Publish and Consume Federated Assets].

Reviewer: GLOBAL: "information on" > "information about"

Author: Done

. Run `mvn clean deploy` to publish the policy to Exchange.
+
The custom policy is now available for you to apply to APIs that belong to the specified organization.

== Deploying a Policy Created Without Using the Maven Archetype

If you did not create your custom policy project using the provided Maven archetype, you must manually define the Exchange deployment configuration.

To deploy a policy created without using the Maven archetype:

. In Anypoint Platform, find the organization ID to use as follows:
* Go to *Access Management > Organization*.
* Click the name of your organization.

> * Copy the UUID from the browser address. For example, copy _2a4b93c3-7899-4ea7-9374-f787744d8784_ from the URL.

Reviewer: Use substeps rather than bullets.

Author: Done

. Update your `pom.xml` file as follows: 

> * Replace the `groupId` value with the organization ID from the preceding step:

Reviewer: ditto, if these are chronological

Author: These aren't chronological.

Author: But I decided to make them substeps anyway to make them easier to reference.

[source,XML,linenums]
+
--
<groupId>{orgId}</groupId>
--

> * Add the following properties and replace `{orgId}` with the organization ID from the preceding step:

Reviewer: It would be a better use of "following" and the colon to reorder this:
```suggestion
* Replace `{orgId}` with the organization ID from the preceding step and add the following properties:
```

Author: This one is a little tough because they actually have to add these lines to the file. They have to add the properties first.

</repository>
--
+

> * Set up your Exchange server as distribution management:

Reviewer: "server as management" or "server as manager" (or "server to use"?)

Author: Let me think about this one. The section in the file is actually distributionManagement.

  </servers>
</settings>
--
+ 

> NOTE: For information on how to authenticate using a token rather than using credentials, see xref:exchange::to-publish-assets-maven.adoc#publish-and-consume-federated-assets[Publish and Consume Federated Assets].

Reviewer: information about

Author: Acknowledged
